1.) What is Inheritance ? Is Java Support the multiple inheritance ? If no then why.

when we use the methods of the existing class to make somthing new ...  we use the inheritance property of java ... inheritance includes a parent class (class whose prorety we use , and we don't change its properties or methods of this class) and  a child class (class in which we use the property of the parent class ).

java doest not support the multiple inheritense as it may lead to Amiguity error... if a child class have more then one parent and those parent share a same method then it makes java compiler confuse to decide which one to call... and thats why java dosent have multiple parent concept . however, multiple child can be made from the single parent .


2) What is method overriding ? List down the difference between method overloading and method overriding.

method overloading means to make a method of same name but can have diferent parameters . therefore, giving different results when we call one of it . it takes place in a same class only .  it has polymorphism .
To achive method overloading there are 3 ways :
a. by changing parameters.
b. by changing order of parameters.
c. by changing no. of parameters.

Method overriding is a way to achive the different implementaion of a method having same signature. it takes place between 2 classes , parent class and child class . therefore its mendatory to have inheritance in the process to achive method overriding . 

difference: 
a. method overriding require signature to be same , same parameters and all.. where method overloading requires only name of method to be same.
b. method overriding require inheritance , whereas method overloading dosent.


3) What is the role of return type in case of method overloading and method overriding?

In method overloading the return type can be different , whereas In method overriding the return type must be same. 


4) Can we Override static, private method?

No , neither the static method nor the private method can be overriden . overriding requires Inheritance and the static methods are not inheritated in child class , and private methods are not visible in child class. therefore bith cannot be orverridden .





